TINY-10385: fix `schema.isWrapper` function (#9195)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- When deleting the last row in a table, the cursor would jump to the first cell (top left), instead of moving to the next adjacent cell in some cases. #TINY-6309

> - The function `schema.isWrapper` doesn't exclude the elements that are not eligible as a wrapper. #TINY-10385

Reviewer: Maybe we should also mention the `schema.isInline` predicate as well.

Author: changed

> - The functions `schema.isWrapper` and `schema.isInline` don't exclude the elements with the name that starts with `#` that should not be considered as elements. #TINY-10385

Reviewer: Maybe this:

```suggestion
- The functions `schema.isWrapper` and `schema.isInline`didn't exclude element names that started with `#` those should not be considered elements. #TINY-10385
```
